Team member:	Individual/Group responsibilities for Iteration 1 (Team E)
	Interviews	Personas	Use case	Implementation	Testing	Documentation/Glossary
Boulos		Provide feedback on pilot interview.
	Re-interview Joey with new questions.
	Transcribe Joey’s interview.
		Create persona based on Joey’s interviews (pilot and second interview).
	Review other personas.		Work on affinity diagram to build use cases. 
		Implement 
10X XOR πX.
		Review implementation of functions done by others.
	Review UI implementation for android app.
		Send documentation for implementation of function to Laurent.
	Work on glossary.


Devang		Conduct pilot interview with Joey. 
		Create persona based on Tristan’s interview with Federico.
	Review other personas.
		Work on affinity diagram to build use cases. 
		Implement 
√x XOR σ.
		Review implementation of functions done by others
	Review UI implementation for android app.
		Send documentation for implementation of function to Laurent
	Work on glossary.
Federico		Provide feedback on pilot interview.
	Conduct interview with Tristan.
		Review personas.		Work on affinity diagram to build use cases.		Implement UI for android app.
	Implement sin(x) XOR cos(x).
		Review implementation of functions done by others.		Send documentation for implementation of function to Laurent.
	Work on glossary.
	Organize Github repository into folders.

Laurent		Provide feedback on pilot interview.
	Organize interview questions.
	Conduct interview with Stéphane.
	Transcribe Tristan’s interview with Federico.		Review personas.		Work on affinity diagram to build use cases.		Implement loge(x) = ln(x) XOR log10(x).
		Review implementation of functions done by others.
	Review UI implementation for android app.		Put together documentation.
	Work on glossary.
Yuanwen		Provide feedback on pilot interview.
	Transcribe Stéphane’s interview with Laurent.
		Create persona based on Stéphane’s interview with Laurent.
	Review other personas.		Work on affinity diagram to build use cases.		Implement eX XOR sinh(x) XOR cosh(x) XOR tanh(x).		Review implementation of functions done by others.
	Review UI implementation for android app.
		Create user manual.
	Send documentation of implementation of function to Laurent.
	Work on glossary.
